Hey everyone. Welcome back to Movie Recap.
My name is Silverra. Today I'm gonna show
you a 2005 American psychological thriller
film called, Red Eye.
After attending her grandmother's funeral
in Dallas, Texas, Lisa Reisert who has a
fear of flying, takes a red-eye flight to
Miami, Florida.
While in the check-in line she meets an older
lady who is interested in Lisa's Dr. Phil
book. She tells her she's a fan, so Lisa gives
the woman her book saying she has already read it.
Lisa also meets Jackson Rippner, a man whom
she initially finds charming. After their
flight is delayed due to weather, Lisa meets
with Jackson again in the bar and they talk
to each other while having a drink. When boarding,
Lisa is pleasantly surprised to find that
Jackson is seated beside her. She's even more
impressed when Rippner calms down a rude passenger
who was giving a hard time to the airline
attendant.
After take-off, Lisa is shocked when Jackson
transitions into something she never expected,
revealing to her that he is a terrorist operative
working for a group who intends to assassinate
the United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland
Security Charles Keefe and his family. He
tells Lisa that she is instrumental in their
plans because of her job as Acting Manager
at the Lux Atlantic Hotel where the Keefe
family will be staying. If she refuses to
cooperate, Rippner will deploy a hit man to
kill her father, Joe at his home in Miami.
Lisa's task is to use the in-flight phone
to call her assistant at the hotel and tell
her to change the room that the Keefe's will
be staying in, even though they always stay
in the same room and any room they use has
to be pre-cleared by the Secret Service. Lisa
tries to convince Rippner that she doesn't
have that authority, but he knows better and
orders her to make the call and order the
hotel staff to change the reservation from
the inner room 3825 to suite 4080, which faces
the harbor.
When Lisa first places a call to the hotel,
answered by her co-worker, Cynthia, the line
goes dead midway through the conversation,
and Lisa tries to fool Rippner into thinking
she is ordering the room change as directed,
but then Rippner notices a nearby passenger
trying to make a call and looking with frustration
at his phone. There's a message on the screen
on the back of the phone which says "service
temporarily unavailable." Rippner grabs the
phone away from Lisa and confirms it's dead.
He's not happy.
Lisa attempts to find a way to keep both her
father and Keefe safe. Her first attempt is
when the older lady from the check-in line
comes to talk to her about the Dr. Phil book.
Rippner had been asked by the flight attendant
to help with positioning some luggage in the
overhead. The woman asks Lisa to write some
things in the book. Lisa tries to write a
warning in the book, but Rippner is ever vigilant
and realizes what she was doing. When he returns
to his seat, he head butts her unconscious
and puts a pillow under her head to make it
appear she is simply sleeping. He then manages
to steal the book back from the older woman
before she is able to see the message.
Lisa tries again by going into the restroom
and writing a warning on the mirror with hand
soap, that there's a bomb where Rippner is
sitting. As she opens the door to leave the
restroom, Rippner is standing there. He sees
the message on the mirror and pushes Lisa
back into the restroom and shuts the door.
He slams her around and chokes her, then wipes
the message off. He warns her again not to
gamble with her father's life. Rippner notices
a scar above Lisa's meatball and asks her
about that, but she refuses to answer.
A small girl who was waiting to use the restroom
tells the flight attendant that two people
were in the restroom. The flight attendant
assumes the couple are in the process of becoming
members of the Mile High Club, so she doesn't
intervene, but the little girl is savvy enough
to realize that things aren't that way between
the man and woman in the restroom. Nevertheless,
she remains quiet about it during the rest
of the flight.
When Lisa and Jackson return to their seats,
Lisa makes the phone call to Cynthia, and
Cynthia meets the Keefes and their Secret
Service escorts in the lobby and informs them
of the need to change the room due to a plumbing
problem. When Keefe learns it was Lisa who
ordered the change, he tells the Secret Service
to go ahead and clear the new room.
Lisa wants Rippner to call his hit man and
order him to stand down, now that she'd done
her part, but Rippner says he still needs
her, as he can't let her and her father go
until he gets a phone call confirming that
Keefe has been successfully dealt with. When
she expresses concern that the hit man might
get impatient and act before being called
off, Jackson reassures her that he'll only
act on Jackson's orders, saying that "he's
a good dog, who only responds to the sound
of his master's voice." Lisa soon realizes
that not only Keefe to be killed, but his
family too, and she's even more distressed.
The Secret Service do a thorough sweep of
the new room and even contact the Coast Guard
to go investigate a fishing boat sitting way
out in the harbor. When the Coast Guard boards
and inspects the boat, they call in that it's
all clear. The hotel staff then move Keefe
and his family into the new suite.
As the plane is landing in Miami, Lisa confides
in Rippner, telling him that the scar on her
throat was from a knife held to her throat
by a rapist two years ago. When Rippner observes
that there was nothing she could do about
it, she disagrees and tells him she swore
that she would never let it happen again.
She then jerks her right hand and arm up and
around and stabs Rippner in the throat with
an ink pen she stole earlier from a young
male passenger.
The pen punctures Rippner's windpipe and damages
his vocal chords. Lisa climbs over him and
as she goes by, she takes his phone and scrambles
to make her way through the aisle and other
passengers to the main exit door. A young
male passenger who'd been falsely accused
by his friend of taking his ink pen, wryly
observes that now they know what happened to his pen.
Lisa has to wait until the door is open, giving
time for Rippner to gather himself, pull the
pen from his throat, wrap a scarf around his
neck, and start after her. Rippner is slowed
a bit more when the little girl who'd been
observing him during the flight shoves her
little carryon bag out into the aisle, tripping
him and knocking him down.
The men on that fishing boat that had been
cleared by the Coast Guard, are shown hauling
in a fishing line. On the other end of the
line is a large container which they load
onboard and open, revealing the component
parts to an FGM-148 Javelin man-portable fire-and-forget
anti-tank missile. They begin assembling the
weapon.
Lisa flees the plane, removing her thin sweater
and tossing it into the trash, as security
had already been alerted. She narrowly escapes
Rippner and airport security. Once outside,
she steals an SUV from a driver who was greeting
an arriving passenger.
Lisa makes a call with Rippner's phone, noting
that it has a low-battery warning, so she's
worried about that. However, she is able to
get through to Cynthia at the hotel, telling
her what's going on, then ordering her to
pull the fire alarm and make sure to get the
Keefe's out of their suite immediately. Cynthia
is freaking out, but she does exactly what
Lisa told her to do.
The Secret Service get the Secretary and his
family out of the room just seconds before
the Javelin missile is fired. It races across
the sky and plows into the suite, exploding
and destroying the room and everything in
the immediate vicinity. Cynthia, the Keefes
and the Secret Service agents all managed
to escape the room seconds before. The men
on the fishing boat toss their weapon overboard
and take off.
Lisa, still driving, tries to call her father,
but the cell phone's battery dies just as
he picks up the phone and says hello. She
rushes to her father's house, arriving to
find the hit man standing just outside the
front door. He hears Lisa approach and turns
to face her, reaching inside his jacket. Lisa
turns the SUV and floors the accelerator,
jumping the curb and slamming into the hit
man, driving him through the front door, killing him.
Lisa finds her father inside. He is shocked
not only by a vehicle slamming into his front
door, but seeing a man lying on the entryway
and then his daughter walking in. He tells
Lisa that he has already called 911.
Lisa calls the hotel to check on things there.
Cynthia confirms the Keefes are ok. When Lisa
turns around after talking with Cynthia, Rippner
is standing there. He'd knocked out her father,
Joe, who was lying on the kitchen floor. Lisa
hurried to the kitchen to make sure her father
was alive, then she turns her attention to
Rippner. She's really angry now, telling him
that he'd failed at his mission and assuring
him that he's not about to defeat her in her own house.
Over the course of the next few minutes, she
has the upper hand, as she throws things,
punches and kicks him as he chases her through
the house. He eventually returns to the body
of the hit man and grabs the 12" K-Bar knife
that the man was going to kill Joe with.
Lisa manages to make another phone call to
911 as she sneaks around trying to figure
out where Rippner had disappeared to. As she
closes a bedroom door, intending to lock herself
in, he is standing right there. They fight
some more and she clubs him with a stout cane
she'd found in the closet, knocking the knife
away. He ends up throwing her down a flight
of stairs. Lisa crawls down the last few steps,
where she sees a gun lying next to the dead
hit man. She grabs the gun and turns to threaten
Jackson with it. He moves towards her anyway
and she shoots him, wounding him. He kicks
the gun out of her hand and grabs her by the
hair. He's about to kill her when Joe appears
and shouts, As Rippner pauses and looks up,
Joe shoots him in the chest.
Lisa returns to the hotel where she greets
and hugs a very frazzled Cynthia. Cynthia
observes that she thought things went pretty
well overall during Lisa's absence, other
than the most recent event. The Homeland Secretary
expresses his gratitude to Lisa and Cynthia
before he's ushered off.
An older man and woman, who'd been guests
at the hotel that day, come up to Lisa and
Cynthia, complaining about their terrible
stay, with all the inconvenience and discomfort
associated with the attempted assassination,
wanting to know what Lisa was going to do
about it. When Lisa asks them what they think
should be done, they say first they wanted
Cynthia fired. Lisa thinks for a moment, then
suggests to the couple that they fill out
a comment card. They are aghast at that, but
then they are totally speechless when Lisa
tells them that after they are done with that,
to just go ahead and "shove it up your ass."
The movie ends with Lisa taking Cynthia out
for a drink, 'anything but a bay breeze,'
the kind of drink Lisa had mentioned drinking,
to Jackson.
Thanks for watching.
See you in another Movie Recap.
Please LIKE and SUBSCRIBE,
and click the bell icon to get new video update.
Have a nice day.